# PyBer_Analysis
PyBer Analysis
Delivering Results
The purpose and reason for the report is to formulate the data in a way that is easy to read and convincingly convey what the data suggests as a result. We used the data we had available to answer questions that we had about the performance of the riding-sharing company. Specifically highlighting differences between rural, suburban, and urban cities in terms of number of drivers, number of riders, and average fare per trip. The summary DataFrame and multiple-line graph both clearly illustrate urban cities generate more fares than suburban cities, and the same is true for suburban cities to rural cities. With these results we can determine that cities with a higher population density will generate more revenue.
I did not run into any issues running this analysis but I could see two spots that could easily cause snags. Using the style and datetime features could be confusing if you didn’t already know what the options are and which one is the one you want. I have two main ways for troubleshooting, first is to look up error codes, reference material, and examples. The second is to make simplified models and isolate systems to zero in on the issue.
I would suggest prioritizing urban cities because they produce the most revenue in the form of fares. I would be interested in making scatter plots comparing the average age of a city to our other metrics. I would also like to see how much of an impact it has on a city's total fare revenue when they have things such as airports, convention centers, and other public amenities. Add the additional city data to our existing framework  and substitute them in place of the city type.
